# Reflection

In this assignment you've learned very basic HTML and CSS, the content and presentation layers of the web. Take this opportunity to think about how they might relate to your work as a historian. 

## Question 1 (150 words)
#### In Part 2, we explored the use of semantic elements such as `<header>`, `<article>`, and `<section>`. These elements make it easier for machines and non-visual browsers to navigate web pages. Why might this be important? (You might want to Google around a bit before answering!)

Semantic elements – if used and implemented correctly – are used to help understand the hierarchy of the HTML content more easily by both users and machines. They are crucial to aiding in the understand of how webpages are structured and the process of building them. Given its role in enabling easier reading, semantics allows greater accessibility, and since it has a specific structure to be followed when used, it allows for the maintenance of clear codes. Without the semantic elements, the hierarchy of the HTML content so easily deduced due to it would be written out of order, without a sense of direction. Such would make it very difficult in the future to edit and maintain the webpage in cases where problems arise. Thanks to the semantic elements, they contribute greatly in making it easier to maintain and implement changes to webpages, which is often crucial for the long-term success and endurance of the webpage. 

## Question 2 (150 words)
#### In your CSS work, you learned how to change the presentation of material on the web without changing the content. Using a pen and paper, a drawing program, or (if you're feeling ambitious) real HTML and CSS, mock up 2 very different presentations of the information you displayed in your post. Put images of them on the Internet somewhere (but not in this repository) and link to them here. Write a brief paragraph discussing the effect of the presentaiton layer on the reader.

The presentation layer affects as the name itself suggests, presentation of the content. Impacting colours, borders, texts etc., it is crucial to the appearance of the content that has been written in HTML. It also makes a subtle difference by changing things such as borders, gaps, radius and shadows of presentation. All in all, the presentation layer is crucial and determines the arrangement of what has been written in HTML since it determines how the reader and viewer will observe the content. The first presentation has placed the image of Arendt on the right side of the text, whereas the second presentation has placed her image in the center with the text around it. While the first presentation is meant to emphasize the text by placing the image on the right and only taking up a little space, the second presentation by contrast has placed her image right in the centre, emphasizing the image rather than the text. Whereby a clear and accessible layout may create a better experience for the reader, the customization of the layout for the content can be used to emphasize or de-emphasize certain aspects of the presentation. Although I had added a visual element into my presentation in the form of portraits, alternatively including too many images or having text only may be damaging to the user experience